THe front end needs to provide a menu of options

Use jq to store the configurations as JSON files. Place each configuration in its own JSON file named for the site. 
ls the config directory to get the list of configuraitons. Then read each to get details.

Each environment variable is stored in the JSON file for that site
Additional information is stored such as whether the SSL has been configured and the http and https code and the wp-config values.



List local instances
  When instances are created or imported, save the list of key values in a config file. Perhaps build some sort of database just for this.
  Indicate what local hosts entries are needed to access each instance
Create new instance
  Run the steps to collect key data and create a brand new instance.
  if the name provided already exists in the database, then return an error
  provide instructions for updating the local hosts file 
Import site (and database)
  Prompt for a gzipped wordpress file and a gzipped database export
  Try to detect if input is gzipped and alter commands accordinly
  prompt for local name, domain, dbname, etc..
  Run the scripts to set it up and log it in local database
Delete site
  Display list of instances and ask to select which to delete. Prompt for confirmation and then delete all the necessary files
List certificates
  Need a database to track all cert files and their relationship with each other, including which sites they are used for
Create new ROOT certificate
  Create a new ROOT certificate and provide instructions on how to add it as trusted in Windows
Create new local certificate
  Rmeind that local certificates can be reused. Provide list of existing certs and provide option to exit and use one of those
  Otherwise run through process to create new certificate and key using ROOT key
Trust site
  select which site to trust. Indicate which are not trusted and which are already trusted
  If select a site that is already trusted, ask if they want to assign new certificates to this site
  Ask if they want to create a new local certificate or use an existing
  If create new, then run through the scripts to create a new certificate and then assign it to the selected site
  If use existing, provide a list of the existing certificates and prompt which to use

Provide links to website with full tutorials on exactly what is happening behind the scenes with each step.

Package this up as a package that can be installed via dpkg. 

hmmmm. I could setup a local website with the front-end. localhost/quiverlocal (similar to phpmyadmin)
Still have the limitation of not being able to update the windows hosts file or the MMC, but I can try to tackle that later.



  
